Basic CSS selectors
	* -- used to select all the elements
	.class -- for all the class selectors
	element -- for all the elements
    #id -- for the elements with the id attribute
    selector1,selector2 -- for selecting multiple selectors

attribute based selectors
	name*="value" -- specifies attribute with value as substring 
	name~="value" --attribute that contains the given word
	name^="value" -- beginning with the given string
	name!="value" --select the attributes which dont have the specified values or which do have the specified values.
	name$="value" --select the attributes that have the given values as last value of the string
	name="value" --selects the attributes with the values exatly equal to the given value

child filter selectors
	first-child selector -- selects all the first childs of the parents  
	first-of-type selector -- Selects all elements that are the first among siblings of the same element name.
	last-child selector --Selects all elements that are the last child of their parent.
	last-of-type selector --Selects all elements that are the last among siblings of the same element name.
	nth-child() selector --Selects all elements that are the nth-child of their parent.
	nth-last-child() selector --Selects all elements that are the nth-child of their parent, counting from the last element to the first.
	nth-last-of-type() selector--Selects all the elements that are the nth-child of their parent in relation to siblings with the same element name, counting from the last element to the first.
	nth-of-type selector-- Selects all elements that are the nth child of their parent in relation to siblings with the same element name.
	only-child selector--Selects all elements that are the only child of their parent.
	only-of-type selector--Selects all elements that have no siblings with the same element name.

form-selectors
	:button
	:checkbox
	:checked
	:disabled
	:enabled
	:file
	:focus
	:image
	:input
	:password
	:radio
	:reset
	:selected
	:submit
	:text
	The above are all the form selectors

Hierarchy-selectors
	child selector(parent>child)
	descendent selector("ancestor selector")
	next adjacent selector(prev+next)
	next sibling selector(prev~sibling)


